== README
This app is <tt>just an implementation of Twitter Bootstrap with Rails 4.2.5</tt>. My interest for this is not to actually create a site. This "Rails Template" (Rails 4.2.5 with Bootstrap 3) will keep you up and running with your Rails-Boostrap Development without going through other setting apart from just running <tt>bundle install</tt> to install dependencies.

== Steps necessary to get the application up and running.

* Download the source code, then in the command prompt/IDE, change directory to this downloaded Template.

* Run <tt>bundle install</tt> just to install all the dependencies needed for the app to run.

* Run <tt>rails s</tt> to start the server.

==Note
You can add other CSS & JavaScript files into your assets pipeline. To make that work in this app, use Rails Helper <tt>stylesheet_link_tag</tt> to call your files included in Assets. If you do so, dont forget to add the file in your asset.rb also

For example:
If you added "style.css" & "page.css" into your css assets pipeline, from your <tt>application.html.erb</tt> add the CSS in comma separated list like this:
<%= stylesheet_link_tag    'application','style', page, media: 'all', 'data-turbolinks-track' => true %> asset.rb
Then go to config/initializers/assets.rb, uncomment and add the file like this with no comma:
Rails.application.config.assets.precompile += %w( pages.css style.css )

Always stop and restart your Rails Server once you add any file in such manner. 

== Using DB with the Application

* Use your Rails knowledge to create your tables/define your DB. You can consult this URL for RoR Guides  http://guides.rubyonrails.org/

* Then run <tt>rake db:migrate</tt> to run your migrations.

* Run <tt>rails s</tt> to start the server.

* To see the Frontend (i.e. the part the public will see) of the Application, type <tt>localhost:3000</tt> into your broswer and press Enter Key.

== Errors you are likely to see
1. This error could be as a result of changing/hashing out my secret keys in https://github.com/AfolabiOlaoluwa/Rails_4.2.5_Implementation_with_Bootstrap_3/blob/master/config/secrets.yml
Note: To fix this you might wanna create your own Rails app, and copy the resource code to all neccesary folders, but leave out your own <tt>secrets.yml</tt> file. Then, go through the steps above.

== Application Frontend Images

For HomePage, go to file directory 
/Application_Screenshots/screencapture-localhost-3000-1456769695668.png
 
For AboutUs Page, go to file directory 
/Application_Screenshots/screencapture-localhost-3000-about-1456769846644.png
 
For ContactUs Page, go to file directory 
/Application_Screenshots/screencapture-localhost-3000-contact-1456769929870.png
